README.MD, before:

# OPP_MockUp-UI2

<div align="center" style="margin: 30px;">
    <a href="https://refine.dev">
    <img alt="refine logo" src="https://refine.ams3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/readme/refine-readme-banner.png">
    </a>
</div>
<br/>

This [Refine](https://github.com/refinedev/refine) project was generated with [create refine-app](https://github.com/refinedev/refine/tree/master/packages/create-refine-app).

## Getting Started

A React Framework for building internal tools, admin panels, dashboards & B2B apps with unmatched flexibility ✨

Refine's hooks and components simplifies the development process and eliminates the repetitive tasks by providing industry-standard solutions for crucial aspects of a project, including authentication, access control, routing, networking, state management, and i18n.

## Available Scripts

### Running the development server.

```bash
    npm run dev
```

### Building for production.

```bash
    npm run build
```

### Running the production server.

```bash
    npm run start
```

## Learn More

To learn more about **Refine**, please check out the [Documentation](https://refine.dev/docs)

- **REST Data Provider** [Docs](https://refine.dev/docs/core/providers/data-provider/#overview)
- **Material UI** [Docs](https://refine.dev/docs/ui-frameworks/mui/tutorial/)
- **React Router** [Docs](https://refine.dev/docs/core/providers/router-provider/)

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add project description to README
Co-Authored-By: la_mer_debussy@shore.ocn.ne.jp <kenforDevin@gmail.com>

README.MD, after:

# OPP_MockUp-UI2

<div align="center" style="margin: 30px;">
    <a href="https://refine.dev">
    <img alt="refine logo" src="https://refine.ams3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/readme/refine-readme-banner.png">
    </a>
</div>
<br/>

This [Refine](https://github.com/refinedev/refine) project was generated with [create refine-app](https://github.com/refinedev/refine/tree/master/packages/create-refine-app).

## Project Description
A UI mockup for tenant, device, and billing management system.

## Getting Started

A React Framework for building internal tools, admin panels, dashboards & B2B apps with unmatched flexibility ✨

Refine's hooks and components simplifies the development process and eliminates the repetitive tasks by providing industry-standard solutions for crucial aspects of a project, including authentication, access control, routing, networking, state management, and i18n.

## Available Scripts

### Running the development server.

```bash
    npm run dev
```

### Building for production.

```bash
    npm run build
```

### Running the production server.

```bash
    npm run start
```

## Learn More

To learn more about **Refine**, please check out the [Documentation](https://refine.dev/docs)

- **REST Data Provider** [Docs](https://refine.dev/docs/core/providers/data-provider/#overview)
- **Material UI** [Docs](https://refine.dev/docs/ui-frameworks/mui/tutorial/)
- **React Router** [Docs](https://refine.dev/docs/core/providers/router-provider/)

## License

MIT
